Get any info from atmos describe component (#17)
cloudposse/github-action-atmos-get-setting: README.md

          with:
            component: foo
            stack: core-ue1-dev
            settings-path: settings.secrets-arn

        - name: Set ENV Vars with AWS Secrets Manager Secret
          uses: aws-actions/aws-secretsmanager-get-secrets@v1
          with:
            secret-ids: ${{ steps.example.outputs.value }}
```

> ## Migrate `v0` to `v1`

Reviewer: Migrating from

> ## Migrate `v0` to `v1`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Migrating from `v0` to `v1`
```

> ## Migrate `v1` to `v2`

Reviewer: Rebuild the readme

> Starting from `v1` the action do not restrict component config just to `settings` section.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Starting from `v1` the action is no longer restricted to retrieving the component config from only the `settings` section.
```

> If you want `v1` having the same behaviour as `v0` you should add `settings` in `settings-path` variable.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want the same behavior in `v1`  as in`v0`, you should add the `settings` prefix to the value of the `settings-path` variable.
```
